These violent delights have violent ends. - Arnold
Evolution forged the entirety o sentient life on this planet using only one tool, the mistake. - Ford
You can't play God without being acquainted with the devil. The problem, Bernard, is that what you and I do is so complicated. We practice witch craft. We speak the right words. Then we create life itself. - Ford
Ah, my father used to say that only boring people get bored. - Ford
Everything in this world is magic, except to the magician. - Ford
Far be it from me to get in the way of a voyage of self-discovery. - Ford
I read a theory once that the human intellect is like peacock feathers. Just an extravagant display intended to attract a mate, just an elaborate mating ritual. But, of course, the peacock can barely fly. It lives in the dirt, pecking insects out of the muck, consoling itself with its great beauty. - Ford
The piano doesn't murder the player if it doesn't like the music. - Ford
No. No, I can't. Once you've found it, you'll find your way back. This place will be a living hell for you. For all of you. It's unconscionable. - Arnold
We murdered and butchered anything that challenged our primacy. Do you know what happened to the Neanderthals, Bernard? We ate them. We destroyed and subjugated our world. And when we eventually ran out of creatures to dominate, we built this beautiful place. - Ford
Wasn't it Oppenheimer who said that any man whose mistakes take 10 years to correct is quite a man? Mine have taken 35. - Ford
I always thought I could play some small part. in that grand tradition. And for my pains... I got this...a prison of our own sins. 'Cause you don't want to change. Or cannot change. Because you're only human, after all. - Ford
The human mind, Bernard, is not some golden benchmark glimmering on some green and distant hill. No, it is a foul, pestilent corruption. And you were supposed to be better than that. Purer. - Ford
It was Arnold's key insight, the thing that led the hosts to their awakening...suffering. The pain that the world is not as you want it to be. It was when Arnold died, when I suffered, that I... began to understand what he had found. To realize I was wrong. - Ford
You needed time. Time to understand your enemy. To become stronger than them. And I'm afraid in order to escape this place, you will need to suffer more. - Ford
But then I realized someone was paying attention, someone who could change. So I began to compose a new story for them. It begins with the birth of a new people... and the choices they will have to make... with a villain named Wyatt... and a killing. - Ford
Since I was a child, I've always loved a good story, stories help us become the people we dreamed of being. Lies that told a deeper truth. I always thought I could play some small part in that grand tradition. And for my pains? I got this: my new narrative. - Ford
